Draft: feat(vpc): doc for GA (#1806)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/mutli-node-rocket-chat-community-private-network/index.mdx

## Conclusion

> You have now configured a Rocket.Chat application based on several Instances and communicating internally using the Private Networks feature. The connection between these Instances is isolated from the Internet and the internal network and only the Instances added to the Private Network are able to communicate with each other. For more advanced configuration options of Rocket.Chat, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.rocket.chat/). More information about the Private Networks feature is available in our [feature documentation](/network/vpc/concepts/#private-networks/). Do you have any remaining question or suggestion? We welcome your feedback on Slack: [Scaleway Community](https://scaleway-community.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-19uuwgo5h-bofWNwE~jijt70lQkziQxg#/shared-invite/email). Join us in the `#private-network` chan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have now configured a Rocket.Chat application based on several Instances and communicating internally using the Private Networks feature. The connection between these Instances is isolated from the Internet and the internal network and only the Instances added to the Private Network are able to communicate with each other. For more advanced configuration options of Rocket.Chat, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.rocket.chat/). More information about the Private Networks feature is available in our [feature documentation](/network/vpc/concepts/#private-networks/). Do you have any remaining questions or suggestions? We welcome your feedback on Slack: [Scaleway Community](https://scaleway-community.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-19uuwgo5h-bofWNwE~jijt70lQkziQxg#/shared-invite/email). Join us in the `#private-network` chan.
```
